you know I don't personally know these
guys in labor I've got no I've got no
grudge against them my concern is we
have a massive problem of inequality
that no one is addressing and we have
Cent parties in power in many countries
all over the world in Germany in Spain
you know arguably in America living
standards are falling in all of those
countries because they're not dealing
with inequality the problem is bigger
than labor the problem is bigger than
Karma the problem is a broad problem of
understanding you need to deal with the
growing inequality if you don't you will
not improve living standards and my big
fear in this country is that labor will
win the election they will not do
anything to stop inequality from growing
living standards will continue to fall
and a general public who has already
lost faith in the center right will lose
faith in the center left and in 10 years
we'll be in fascism that is my concern